In this video, I wanna introduce you to
the Spring Pet Clinic but the Spring
Framework Guru edition of the pet clinic.
Now what we're going to be doing is
we're going to follow an opinionated design,
so just to define that, opinionated is
kind of a loose concept in the software
industry. Opinionated means there is one way
of doing things. It's a particular
persons or groups opinion.
Un-Opinionated means you can do
anything you want. Some frameworks are
very loose. Others are very rigid like
Ruby and Rails is definitely opinionated.
Some of the Microsoft frameworks are
fairly Un-Opinionated where you can
go and do whatever you want. Spring Boot
itself is considered an Opinionated
configuration because what it's doing is
bringing in a lot of configurations in
an opinionated fashion of the Spring
team of what typical default
configurations would be and it is very
helpful for you to bring in these
options where you don't have to research
it. There's a lot of benefit in
saving you time, so once you learn the
opinionated way of doing things, the one
way things become a lot easier when
you're using framework. Now Opinionated
Development, I'm saying that the Spring
Framework Guru SFG Pet Clinic will also be
Opinionated software development and
the opinion of me, so I'm saying I'm
gonna offer you my opinion and this
is based on my particular experience
using the Spring Framework. I've got over
a decade of using the Spring Framework
in a lot of different situations. I've
seen the framework evolve. I am actively
involved in the Spring community, so I am
seeing what best practices are, emerging
best practices. I do try to keep
finger on the pulse of what's happening
in the community and now the best
practices that are going on. You will
see in the course where I do follow
Object-Oriented Principles, SOLID design.
Coming up in the course, we'll also be
following Test-Driven Development. I'm
gonna show you naming conventions and
we're also gonna get into software
development lifecycle. These are all
my opinions, not necessarily right or
wrong. I'm offering you my experience.
Things that have worked well for me, so
what you can expect coming up as we
develop the Pet Clinic Project, the
sections of the course are gonna be a
little bit different. I'm going to try
to emulate a real-world
software project, like I'm developing a
project from scratch. I'm definitely
going to be leveraging GitHub. We will be
using the master branch. In the course,
you'll see that I use branches to show
you a beginning and ending version.
This is done throughout the course. This
section of the course specifically on
Pet Clinic. It's gonna be a little
bit different. We are going to be
following what's called a Mainline dev
model, where we will be committing to the
master branch and this is also part of
my opinion. Sometimes we get a little too
happy and branching and excessive
branching. I don't think for every task
you need to create a branch, I think
that's a little wasteful. I prefer a
mainline dev model especially when you
have a small team. If you're doing small
incremental changes, the Mainline
dev model works very well. I've seen
a lot of problems caused with branching
so I think the pendulum in the industry
it's kind of swung to doing a lot of
branches. It's probably gonna
swing back as we developed Pet Clinic. I
am going to be taking you step by step
so it's gonna be a lot of hands-on and
as I walk through things. A lot of people
like that. Some don't. But I do wanna
show you step by step hands on and
really show you how to develop an
application in Spring from start to
finish.
So one of the things that we might be
doing is showing you like using GitHub
issues where we can plan out tasks that
we want to do in the project. We'll
track those against GitHub issues. Now
I'm gonna be sprinkling the Pet
Clinic throughout the entire course and
what I want to do with the Pet Clinic is
as we learn concepts in a particular
section of the course, I'm gonna add
content using Pet Clinic to re-inforce
those concepts that we learned. So
unfortunately, looking at the outline of
the course, Test-Driven Development and
Continuous Integration are introduced a
little bit later so we're not going to
be jumping into those right away. But I
will bring those in as soon as possible.
We'll be laying down a solid
foundation and this is going to be
something that we'll build upon. That
can't overwhelm you with everything all
at once, though we will be layering it in.
Again, the whole purpose of developing
Pet Clinic is to show you and re-inforce
sections that we've learned in the
course. Some people may not like this
because it is gonna be a little time
consuming.
It's okay to skip ahead if you're not
getting value. Go ahead skip ahead. I know a
lot of people will get value, some don't.
Everybody's got a different learning
style so I don't take offense if you
skipping ahead at all. But keep in mind
as we go through it, I'm gonna be
dropping hints as much as possible. So
just to summarize, we are gonna have a
lot of fun with this. I'm actually
looking forward to it and we will be
getting a lot out of it
as we develop these Spring Framework Guru
edition of the Spring Pet Clinic.